


Version 1.04 Hot fix!
---------------------
Fixed a major bug when doing exit from taks tray icon would save the treeview configuraion file with no item names!!
Removed a a pop up message box when mIRC is not found.
Improvements with the logic code when doing a filtered scanning. It should now ignore present state of number of players on server, current map name, bots and version etc.


Version 1.03
------------------
Added support for color encoded servernames and playername (based on ET color table).
Updated IP to Country database file.
Added more customization for mIRC messages, see options for more details.
Added support Open Arena game.
Added new option for each game to optional use HTTP serverlist instead of an master server.
Added new filter settings to Warsow, you can now hide servers with bots and filter by current map.
Added new buddy icon in the toolbar.

Some iprovments has been done with with the view states (Buddylist, Tab view etc) and windows resizes.

Bug fixes:
Fixed a memory leak when scanning Counter strike servers.
Fixed a bug with copy IP address into clipboard.
Fixed a bug when manually adding a new server IP address.

Known issues:
Map preview is broken.
Sorting player list is broken.


Version 1.02
------------------

New Features:
QuakeWorld now displays Mod types, including Qizmo.
Quake 2 now shows mod types.

Bug fixes:
The installer required .NET 3.5 removed that requirement (as it is not used by Game Scanner).
QW, Q2 & Q3 based servers was looking up ip to country for each scan, this is now fixed.
Short country names is now displaying correct.
Fixed a bug in treeview data so CoD 4 gametypes filter correctly.


Version 1.01
------------------
Added support for customization of columns, now you can have you own arrangement of columns in your order.
Added support for QuakeWorld.
Added support for Quake 2.
New fullname of the Game Types for Call of Duty 4.
Changed so that no filter occurs in the Favorite folders.
Additional new filters added such as Version, Modname, Gametype and Map this affects several supported games.
Improvments with the filtering code, no supporting group selection. 
Fixes with some filter bug selection that dissapeared after an upgrade of the treeview xml file.
Added option from right clicking on treeview control to delete only one specific game list.
Improved speed when recieving new servers from the master server, this is most notice when it 
 comes to 4000+ servers.
Other minor bug fixes.

-Removed mapshot images to reduce the size of the installer. 
 Game Scanner still supports map preview but it has to be added manually.


Version 1.0 beta
----------------
Renamed ETSV to GameScanner and new version.
Source code available as Open Source from Sourceforge.

New Features:
You can now set which columns to be visible in the main server list.
Integrated RCON window into the new Tabview
Added a easy access logger from the TabView.
Added ICMP Ping statistics into the new Tabview.

changes:
New flexible/portable serverlist save files.
Buddylist saves now as a xml file.

Other:
Code clean up and minor changes/improvments.

+based on ETSV source code.

